8279877: Document IDEA IDE setup in docs/ide.md (#7044)
openjdk/jdk: doc/ide.md

#### Visual Studio

> The make system can generate a Visual Studio project for a limited subset
> of native sources. After configuring, the project can be generated using:

Reviewer: The limited subset is hotspot, which is a pretty clear separation. 
```suggestion
The make system can generate a Visual Studio project for the Hotspot 
native source. After configuring, the project is be generated using:
```

### IDE support for Java code

#### IntelliJ IDEA

The JDK project has a script that can be used for indexing the project

> with IntelliJ. After configuring and building the JDK, IntelliJ workspace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with IntelliJ. After configuring and building the JDK, an IntelliJ workspace
```

can be generated using:

```shell
bash bin/idea.sh
```

> This creates a subfolder called `.idea` in the current folder. To use it,

Reviewer 2: I might consider rewording this.  Typically this is run at the top of the your openjdk fork/clone.

> choose `File -> Open...` in IntelliJ and select the folder where you run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
choose `File -> Open...` in IntelliJ and select the folder where you ran
```
